chore: add notice for trusting vault backend's ssl certificate (#6831)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/secrets-management/backends/aws-sm.md

The vault backend configuration field can also be configured in the `kong.conf` file. See [Gateway Enterprise configuration reference](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration).
{% endif_version %}

{:.note}

> > **Notice:** When using AWS Vault as a backend, make sure you have configured `system` as part of the [`lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` configuration directive](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration#lua_ssl_trusted_certificate) so that the SSL certificates used by official AWS API can be trusted by Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Notice:** When using AWS Vault as a backend, make sure you have configured `system` as part of the [`lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` configuration directive](/gateway/{{page.release}}/reference/configuration/#lua_ssl_trusted_certificate) so that the SSL certificates used by the official AWS API can be trusted by Kong.
```
